Add documentation for frontend-shared package (#2986)
hypothesis/client: docs/developers/frontend-shared.rst

=========================
Frontend Shared Package
=========================

> The frontend-shared package is located in a sub directory called ``./frontend-shared`` inside this
> repository. The purpose of this package is to serve as a common library for shared utilities,
> components and styles that span across our frontend applications.
> 
> The long term goal is to move this package into its own repository, but in the short term it
> lives in the client as a convenience to leverage the existing tooling. This also gives developers
> the benefit of working with just one repository when making changes that mostly affect the client
> in the first place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``frontend-shared`` package is intended to serve as a common library for shared utilities, components and styles common to multiple Hypothesis front-end applications.

The ``frontend-shared`` package source is located in ``./frontend-shared`` in this repository.

Note: The long-term goal is to move this package into its own repository. There are some short-term advantages to the current setup: it piggy-backs on existing tooling and gives developers the benefit of working with just one repository when making changes (which primarily benefit the `client` in the first place).
```

How it works
=========================

Frontend-shared works by creating a symlink via ``yarn link`` between the working dir
``./frontend-shared/`` and the installed dir ``node_modules/@hypothesis/frontend-shared/``.

Client setup
=========================

> To setup frontend-shared in the client, simply run
> 
> ``$ make dev``

Reviewer: I presume you mean that one should run `make dev` as one normally would for the entire client?

```suggestion
To set up ``frontend-shared`` in the client, run

``$ make dev``

as normal for development in the ``client`` application.
```

(Note that _set up_ in verb form is two words.)
(And I will always smoosh any use of the word _simply_) :)

> Internally, that will trigger the frontend-shared setup which transpiles all of the jsx and
> outputs that result to ``frontend-shared/lib`` folder. The next thing it does is creates a linked
> package in the client ``node_modules/@hypothesis`` folder which points to ``frontend-shared/lib``.
> When running `make dev` this pipeline is automated and will trigger on file changes. These
> steps can also be run directly too via

Reviewer: It took me a while to grok the sentence about running the build manually! :)

```suggestion
This will trigger the ``frontend-shared`` build which:

 * builds transpiled JSX into the ``frontend-shared/lib`` directory
 * creates a linked package in the ``node_modules/@hypothesis`` folder (this is linked to ``frontend-shared/lib``)

When ``make dev`` is running, file changes will automatically trigger a rebuild. To rebuild manually:
```

``$ gulp setup-frontend-shared``

Usage in other repositories
============================

> If you want to use the frontend-shared package another repository which imports it, such as LMS, but
> you want to see the modified changes in that repo before committing them, then you can create a
> link in that repo. If other words, you want to test uncommitted changes in frontend-shared in a
> second repository. First make sure that the link was set up by running
> 
> ``$ gulp setup-frontend-shared``
> 
> inside client repo. Then run
> 
> ``$ yarn link @hypothesis/frontend-shared``
> 
> inside the target consumption repo. With this work flow, you'll have to manually run
> 
> ``$ gulp build-frontend-shared-js``
> 
> to update the ``/lib`` in frontend-shared when any changes are made to it or have the client
> running locally via ``made dev`` so changes are automatically built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have modified the ``frontend-shared`` package locally and would like to preview changes in another Hypothesis application that imports the package—that is, if you want to test uncommitted changes in ``frontend-shared`` in another local repository before publishing changes—follow these steps:

#. In this repository's directory:

    ``$ gulp setup-frontend-shared``
    
#. In the target repository:

    ``$ yarn link @hypothesis/frontend-shared`` 

Note: the package will need to be rebuilt after any changes are made to it before those changes can be seen in the consuming repository. This can be done by:

* Running ``make dev`` in this repository, which will automatically re-build on any file changes, or
* ``$ gulp build-frontend-shared-js`` in this repository to re-build manually

```

Reviewer: Granted, this concept is a "little hard to explain"...whew!

Other caveats
=========================

> The ``./frontend-shared/node_modules`` should never exist and only needs to be installed during

Reviewer: Can you help me understand "only needs to be installed during package releases?"

I'm wondering if reducing this to "Make sure ``./frontend-shared/node_modules`` does not exist" might suffice
